README.md, before:

![Build](https://github.com/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)
![Linter](https://github.com/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/github/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go/graph/badge.svg?token=RCXN9X391Y)](https://codecov.io/github/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go)

### Objectives

Service `fq-connector-go` is a part of YDB Federative Query system.
It's an extension point making YDB capable of interaction with various external data sources.
You can deploy `fq-connector-go` alongside with YDB in order to query and join YDB tables 
with the data extracted from the external sources.

Currently supported data sources:
* ClickHouse
* PostgreSQL
* YDB

### Usage 

Use this command to run Connector with [default configuration](https://github.com/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go/blob/main/example.conf):

```bash
docker run -d \
    --name=connector \
    -p 2130:2130 \
    -p 6060:6060 \
    ghcr.io/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go:latest
```

Or you can mount custom configuration into container:

```bash
docker run -d \
    --name=connector \
    -p 2130:2130 \
    -p 6060:6060 \
    -v /path/to/config.yaml:/opt/ydb/cfg/fq-connector-go.yaml \
    ghcr.io/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go:latest
```

### Genereate API

```bash
./generate.py --ydb-repo=path/to/ydb/repo --connector-repo=path/to/fq-connector-go/repo
```

Commit message:

fq student internship 20240312 docs (#60)
* Clarify root README.md

* Improve contribution

* Improve contribution pt. 2

* Type mapping table

README.md, after:

![Build](https://github.com/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)
![Linter](https://github.com/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/github/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go/graph/badge.svg?token=RCXN9X391Y)](https://codecov.io/github/ydb-platform/fq-connector-go)

### Objectives

Service `fq-connector-go` is a part of YDB Federated Query system.
It's an extension point making YDB capable of interaction with various external data sources.
You can deploy `fq-connector-go` alongside with YDB in order to query and handle
data extracted from the external sources.

Currently supported data sources:
* ClickHouse
* PostgreSQL
* YDB

### Usage 

* [Architecture overview](https://ydb.tech/docs/ru/concepts/federated_query/architecture)
* YDB Federated Query deployment:
    * [For quickstart](https://ydb.tech/docs/ru/getting_started/self_hosted/ydb_docker#zapusk-ydb-federated-query-v-docker) 
    * For production environment: [YDB](https://ydb.tech/docs/ru/deploy/manual/deploy-ydb-federated-query) | [Connector](https://ydb.tech/docs/ru/deploy/manual/connector)
* [Contribution guide](./docs/contribution.md)
